Gantt: add sorting section (#2957)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Gantt/20 Sort Data/20 Sort in Code.md

> Set a column's [sortOrder](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortOrder) property to sort data in the required order. You can also specify the [sortIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortIndex) property for this column to sort data by multiple columns. If the [sortIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortIndex) property is not specifies, each sorted column gets a sort index according to its position in the [columns](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/) array. To show column sort indexes in the column headers, set the [showSortIndexes](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/showSortIndexes.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#showSortIndexes') property to **true**.

Reviewer: Set a column's sortOrder property... - to which value?

> Use a column's [sortOrder](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortOrder) property to specify sort order of the column values. You can also specify the [sortIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortIndex) property for this column to sort data by multiple columns. If the [sortIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortIndex) property is not specifies, each sorted column gets a sort index according to its position in the [columns](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/) array. To show column sort indexes in the column headers, set the [showSortIndexes](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/showSortIndexes.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#showSortIndexes') property to **true**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use a column's [sortOrder](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortOrder) property to specify the sort order for column values. You can also specify the [sortIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortIndex) property for this column to sort data by multiple columns. If the [sortIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/#sortIndex) property is not specified, each sorted column gets a sort index according to its position in the [columns](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/columns/) array. To show column sort indexes in the column headers, set the [showSortIndexes](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/showSortIndexes.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#showSortIndexes') property to **true**.
```

> The following code sorts data by the "Start" and then by the "End" column:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code sorts data by the "Start" and "End" columns:
```

                <Column dataField="end" sortIndex={1} sortOrder="asc" />
                <Sorting 
                    mode="multiple" />
                {/* ... */}
            </Gantt>
        );
    };

    export default App;

##### ASP.NET Core Controls

    <!--Razor C#-->
    @(Html.DevExtreme().Gantt()
        .Columns(columns => {
            columns.AddFor(m => m.Start)
                .SortIndex(0);
                .SortOrder(SortOrder.Asc);                
            columns.AddFor(m => m.End)
                .SortIndex(1);
                .SortOrder(SortOrder.Asc);
        })
        .Sorting(s => {
            s.Mode(GridSortingMode.Multiple)
        })
        // ...
    )

##### ASP.NET MVC Controls

    <!--Razor C#-->
    @(Html.DevExtreme().Gantt()
        .Columns(columns => {
            columns.AddFor(m => m.Start)
                .SortIndex(0);
                .SortOrder(SortOrder.Asc);                
            columns.AddFor(m => m.End)
                .SortIndex(1);
                .SortOrder(SortOrder.Asc);
        })
        .Sorting(s => {
            s.Mode(GridSortingMode.Multiple)
        })
        // ...
    )

---

> Use the [ascendingText](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/ascendingText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#ascendingText'), [descendingText](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/descendingText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#descendingText'), and the [clearText](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/clearText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#clearText') options to specify text for the corresponding context menu items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [ascendingText](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/ascendingText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#ascendingText'), [descendingText](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/descendingText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#descendingText'), and the [clearText](/api-reference/_hidden/dxGanttSorting/clearText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/sorting/#clearText') options to specify text for corresponding context menu items.
```
